alesi documentation (#2352)
cap-js/docs: java/cap_in_non_cap_applications.md

    <version>${cds.services.version}</version>
</dependency>

<dependency>
    <groupId>com.sap.cds</groupId>
    <artifactId>cds-framework-spring-boot</artifactId>
    <version>${cds.services.version}</version>
    <scope>runtime</scope>
</dependency>
```

Again, you need to set a property for the `cds.services.version`:

```xml
<cds.services.version>4.6.2</cds.services.version>
```

After setting up the dependencies you just need to activate the file-based messaging in the applications configuration:

```yaml
cds.messaging.services.messaging.kind: file-based-messaging
```
### Emitting Messages

In order to use CAP Java messaging to send messages from your application's code you need to inject an instance of `com.sap.cds.services.messaging.MessageService` into your class and set it as a class member. Then, you can use the CAP Java `MessageService` in your application's code like this to emit messages:

```java
Map<String, Object> data = Map.of("ownerId", owner.getId(), "petId", petId, "date", visit.getDate(), "descr", visit.getDescription());
messaging.emit("org.spring.alesi.PlannedVisit", data);
```

### Handling Messages

And in another 

> 	@On(event = "org.spring.alesi.PetBabiesBorn", service = "messaging")

Author: it is `alesi`.

```bash
echo 'org.shelter.PetBabiesBorn {"data":{"ownerId":11,"motherId":14,"description":"cute puppy"}}' >> events-*
```

Similar to the audit log integration the CAP messaging consist of a logical layer (as just used in the sample code) and a technical layer. The technical layer used for the sample is the file-based messaging. For this, you don't need an additional module and it can be activated via configuration. In case your want to use production-ready message brokers like Apache Kafka or SAP Event Hub you need to add the corresponding dependencies and configuration to your application. In case of the SAP Event Hub feature you would need to add this dependency to your `pom.xml`:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.sap.cds</groupId>
    <artifactId>cds-feature-event-hub</artifactId>
    <version>${latest-version}</version>
</dependency>
```

> Credentials and service coordinates for connecting to a SAP Event Hub instance need to be provided by the runtime environment of your applicaton. 

Author: already fixed.

#### SAP Event Hub

In case of the SAP Event Hub feature you would need to add this dependency to your `pom.xml`:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.sap.cds</groupId>
    <artifactId>cds-feature-event-hub</artifactId>
    <version>${latest-version}</version>
</dependency>
```

Credentials and service coordinates for connecting to a SAP Event Hub instance need to be provided by the runtime environment of your application. For more details you can have a look at the the [SAP Event Hub CAP Plugin](https://github.com/cap-java/cds-feature-event-hub).

::: info
Both, the Audit Log and the Messaging of CAP Java use the transactional outbox by default. The outbox is a component that allows binding of external service calls to the outcome of the current request's transaction. With that semantics you can be sure that e.g. the SAP Audit Log Service is only called when your business transaction was successful. This frees you the application developer from the task to implement compensation logic in case of failed transactions.

> :::

Reviewer: Usage of outbox actually requires more sophisticated setup. This includes a CDS model, HDI container (incl. deployment) and setup of the CAP Java JDBC PersistenceService by adding corresponding dependencies and a service binding. This is not there out of the box, like this info box implies.

---
synopsis: >
  This guide shows how legacy Spring Boot applications can integrate themselves with service offerings of SAP BTP using different CAP plugins without the need to completely migrate to CAP Java.
status: released
---

# Legacy Applications using SAP BTP services with CAP Java

<style scoped>
  h1:before {
    content: "Java"; display: block; font-size: 60%; margin: 0 0 .2em;
  }
</style>

{{ $frontmatter.synopsis }}

> One of the strengths of CAP (Java) is that it offers a [variety of plugins integrating with SAP BTP services](../plugins) while keeping applications free of technical dependencies to such services. But not only CAP applications can benefit from these plugins. CAP Java  itself is designed independent of other application frameworks it offers an [integration layer to Spring Boot](./spring-boot-integration).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One of the strengths of CAP Java is that it offers a [variety of plugins integrating with SAP BTP services](../plugins) while keeping applications free of technical dependencies to such services. But not only CAP applications can benefit from these plugins - most of them can be consumed by Java applications without CDS model and running with any application framework.
```

:::

In general, adding a CAP Java feature to your existing Spring Boot application is just adding one or more dependencies to the application's `pom.xml` as well as adding configuration to the application.yaml (or other mechanisms for [Spring Boot configuration](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/reference/features/external-config.html). In the following sections we will discuss several examples on how to use the core CAP Java runtime and CAP modules to integrate a Spring Boot application into different SAP BTP services.

## SAP Audit Log Service

In order to add Audit log support you need to add the following dependencies to your `pom.xml`:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.sap.cds</groupId>
    <artifactId>cds-services-api</artifactId>
    <version>${cds.services.version}</version>
</dependency>

<dependency>
    <groupId>com.sap.cds</groupId>

>     <artifactId>cds-framework-spring-boot</artifactId>

Reviewer 2: I guess `cds-services-impl` as runtime dependency is mandatory.

>     <artifactId>cds-framework-spring-boot</artifactId>

Author: @beckermarc what would you prefer here? `cds-framework-spring-boot` or `cds-starter-spring-boot`?
